[Music]
well hello again it's Jimmy Kimmel
reporting from where am i tonight oh
right my house reporting again from my
house this kind of tells you all you
need to know about how it's going for me
last night
Netflix recommended that I watch what I
eat so here in California certain types
of stores are gonna be allowed to open
in what they call a limited capacity
starting tomorrow just in time for the
most confusing day of the year for Mike
Pence Mother's Day the captain of the
space force was in Alexandria Virginia
today you can see here he is with no
mask on
wheeling boxes of PPEs into a health
care center and doing his best to lift
them what a hero it just barely in the
door and since it was going so well and
also because he didn't realize he had a
mic on Magic Mike decided to keep it
going listening closely here
Mike Pence pretending to carry empty
boxes of PPEs into a hospital is the
perfect metaphor for who he is and what
he's doing a big box and nothing
delivering another box of nothing his
boss
King Joffrey got a bit of unsettling
news today one of the president's
personal valets has tested positive for
corona virus which is a big deal because
the White House of La works very closely
with the president on a personal level
he does everything from handing him the
remote to turn on Fox News in the
morning to grinding up his adderall at
night the White House says Trump took
tests he gets tested every day and
tested negative think he gets that swab
shoved up his nose every time I wonder
what kind of sound he makes when he gets
that but this president doesn't have
time for the virus he is very busy
obstructing justice and redecorating his
wall Trump reportedly wants to have his
border wall painted black now he wants
it painted black so it'll get hot from
the Sun and then people won't want to
climb it I wonder if any of his advisers
will let him know that the Sun doesn't
come out at night and maybe that doesn't
matter the paint job will reportedly
cost anywhere from 500 million to 3
billion dollars to complete which is a
lot of money to paint a wall that
doesn't exist but don't worry Trump put
his number one son-in-law in charge
Jared Kushner whenever there's a job
around the White House Jared gets it
jared is like jerry crushers like the
world's least reliable handyman
meanwhile there's a feud brewing between
the secretary of the treasury steve
minuchin and Axl Rose of Guns and Roses
yesterday Axl Rose tweeted it's official
whatever anyone may have previously
thought of Steve minuchin he's
officially an a-hole minuchin wisely
fired back at Axl he wrote what have you
done for the country lately with little
flag emoji but instead of the United
States flag emoji
he used the flag of Liberia emoji had to
delete it and repost it with the US flag
and then Axl hammered him with a
statement from the Axl Rose Garden I
guess which what a development this is
who woulda guessed the next biggie Tupac
would end up being axle and minuchin
this is Steve minuchin the bad blood
between
him an axle goes way back to when Steve
played guitar in their band using the
stage name slash anyway I look forward
to the reunion tour as you're hopefully
aware Mother's Day is Sunday I got my
mom a card this year it says why did you
bring me into this world we have another
Disney family sing-along on Sunday night
and ABC that should give mom some peace
but not enough you know I originally was
planning to send my wife to a spa for a
few hours
on Sunday but that is not happening
because everything is disease now but
all mothers really want is some quiet
time especially right now they want to
be left alone so I think I have a good
idea and I'm gonna share it with you now
a great place to get away that has air
conditioning and music and really
everything you need is the car I made
you what you like your medicine thank
you thank you for everything you do and
we want you to know that we appreciate
you got it okay I call it the car garita
so that's what you do Oh hold on I
forgot something put your wife in the
car
remember no drinking and driving take
the food
it she'll be happy all right that's your
tip
and then I guess she'll get out of there
on on Sunday most moms as we know love
to text almost as much as they love to
leave long voicemail so over the past
few months before the virus drove us
underground we've been asking our
celebrity guests to read real text
messages from the women who brought them
into this world and the result is this
mom texts my mother and I are neighbors
in Long Island so sometimes I will get a
text like this
can I come swim my pool is 72 thir don't
have to eat I have plenty actually going
for a walk maybe tomorrow
no fine I changed my mind didn't want to
get wet so I texted my mom recently
what's up with you guys and she replied
we're watching the crown what's up with
you two question marks we can utilize
the pause button exclamation point I
forgot that you could utilize the pause
button but my homegirls selling burritos
let me know if you want one yeah laughs
I start with the kale no she's making
the on the float
just a reminder don't ever ever ever
dive into a swimming pool period or into
an ocean or late ever ever no matter
what you cannot rely on someone saying
it's safe or thinking that it's deep
enough oceans have sandbars that look
deep but really are up to your ankle
just go in it steps or scoot in on your
bottom gently even jumping feet first is
dangerous too unless you ball up tightly
you can jam your legs and do the same
damage if you don't follow up when
you're jumping avoid both you're tall
and you cannot risk it at all never no
matter what love you were you ever
contacted to be in the South Dakota
anti-meth campaign their slogan is
controversial
just curious know
can you talk call me if you can but
imagine that like a Bronx Jewish accent
and then I say you're writing this to
the whole family name a family member
you want to talk to and we can figure
this out
to which my mom responds I yell it
because she put three exclamation points
at the end so my mom and I watch old
movies together in Turner Classic Movies
we're watching the movie giant she texts
me Sal Mineo had a big-ass head although
he was attractive yep
dearest Boop interesting day here was
wielding a handheld small vacuum on the
stairs yesterday missed my footing fell
backwards vacuum welled up and crashed
onto my arm and then onto the whole
floor I executed some sort of swivel
halfway down and nearly followed it
nose-first but managed to clutch the
banisters thought my arm was broken
which is just badly bruised whew
I finished the day with a lovely tie
meal with Seb she does all her own
stunts we got our shingles vaccine this
morning sweet dreams my love love you so
very much I love you so very much too
mom
so I had a sketch on SNL get cut for
time and then when she saw what went in
its place she texted me this that last
sketch 8:00 that's a good mom
well happy worst Mother's Day ever